Enel’s new corporate identity
was launched in 2016
with the Open Power brand positioning.
One logo
One vision
One culture
Since then, Enel’s market organization
and portfolio have changed significantly.
We therefore needed to consolidate
our brand strategy,
including Enel Green Power and Enel X
in a synergistic and agile platform
to drive the business forward.
The brand platform rules
the relationships between our brands,
guaranteeing a positive exchange of values.
We’ve worked on consolidating
our global visual identity:
the colors, the photographic style, the cursor
and the icons contribute to shape the look and feel
of all our brands in a consistent way
so that the Enel identity appears
contemporary and straightforward,
relevant and powerful in all its application,
simplicity, openness, brightness.
These colors are the key to strengthening
our unique brand identity,
adding a vibrant style to its soul.
end of file